# In3D.ca FreeGrid Change Log

## 2.0.0 Workbench release

Changes:

* Migrate from macro to workbench.
* Introduce to users the bit cartridge holder
* Created objects are fully parametric, properties can be changed on Properties View panel.
* Add docstrings to methods.
* Add translation support.
* Add possibility to assign a random color at creation time.
* Add transaction at creation time.
* Add task panel to set sketch size.
* Add pre-commit hooks.
* Add preferences page and command to open preferences page.
* Add command to open about page.

Bugs:

* Fixed issue when trying to create a storage box smaller than 10[mm]. Useful to get a "floor".

## 1.3.0

Bugs:

* Fixed issue when copying dividers, now built-in copy() method is used.

Changes:

* Add forms to let users enter magnet parameters to both boxes and grids.
* Use FreeCAD Quantity parser.

## 1.2.1

Changes:

* Objects generated by the macro are now refined to clean up edges and faces.
* A box can now have a height of zero, in which case a flat base with no walls will be created.
* Floor support generation is visible in the UI (thanks @johnsonm)

## 1.2.0

Changes:

* Added set_param() method to box and grid to make data-driven generation easier

### 1.1.1

Changes:

* Refactored length, width, depth for consistency with GUI
* Added test methods for quality assurance

## 1.1.0

Bugs:

* Fixed issue with box height computation.

Added:

* Option to generate box with open front face.
* Sketch generator for inside profile of a box.

### 1.0.2

Bug:

* Change "number of dividers" to "number of divisions" to reflect what actually happens.

### 1.0.1

Bugs:

* Fix axis mix-up with magnet pads in grids.
* Update README

## 1.0.0 Initial release

* Support for:
  * Grids with or without magnets
  * Boxes with options for magnets, a grip/label bar, and a front scoop.
